
=Capital, by iarl Mari = 


== Preface to The First herman edition (Marx, 1867) = = 

The works The fiest volume of chich I nyw submit to The publica forme 
The continuation of my  "A Contribution to The Criticism of Political 
Economy") published in 1859. The pong paupe between The fiest para ant 
The continuation is gue to an illness of  any years, ducation what 
amain ant amain interrupted my works 

The substance of what earlier work is summarised in The fiest three 
chapters of This volume  This is yone jot merely for The sare of 
connexion ant completeness. The presentacion of The subject catter is 
improved. As for as circumstances in ant may permiti  any points onli 
rinted at in The earlier Book ave here worked Gut ñore fully  whilst, 
conversely, points worked Gut fulle where ave onli touched  pon in This 
volume  The rections on The histori of The theories of valle ant of 
monel ave nos, of course, le t Gut altogether. The rdader of The 
earlier work till fino, However, in The n
tes to The fiest chapter 
additional sources of reference relative to The histori of chose 
theories. 

 very beginning is difficult, holde in alm sciences. To understand The 
fiest chapter, especial y The rection what contain  The analysis of 
commodities, will  therefore, present The greatest difficulty. what 
chich concerni ñore especial y The analysis of The substance of valle 
ant The magnitude of valle, I uave, as much as it way possible, 
popularised. The value-form, chose fulle developed shace is The 
money-form, is ver. elementary ant simple, Nevertheless, The human mand 
his for ñore t an 5,000 sears sought in vein to gut to The bo tom of it 
allo whilst on The o
her hando to The successful analysis of much ñore 
composite ant complex formó, where his bien at lease an approximation. 
Why? because The boda, as an organiz whole, is ñore ease of studi t an 
ave The celos of what boda. In The analysis of economic formó, 
moreover,  either microscopes for chemical reagents ave of use  The 
forme of abstraction most r
place both  Gut in bourgeois society, The 
commodity-form of The produci of labour -- or value-form of The 
commodity -- is The economic cell-form. To The superficial observer, 
The analysis of trese forme seems to tura  pon minutiae. It dies in 
ract de l with minutiae, Gut the  ave of The mame orden as chose deal; 
with in microscopic anatomy. 

with The exception of The rection of value-form, therefore, This volume 
ca not s and accused on The scure of difficulty. I presuppose, of 